README.md, before:

## Emma API Wrapper (Ruby)
A Ruby wrapper for Emma's API.

## Running the tests [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/myemma/EmmaRuby.png)](https://travis-ci.org/myemma/EmmaRuby)
Set the following environment values

```bash
export EMMA_ACCOUNT_ID=123456
export EMMA_PUBLIC_KEY=6fbfd5e68d3306e51350
export EMMA_PRIVATE_KEY=53f42aa48e24d44a3362
```

Run the tests

```
bundle exec rake run_tests
```

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'emma'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install emma

## Usage

## Instantiation
```ruby
require 'emma'
em = Emma::Setup.new 'account_id', 'public_key', 'private_key', 'debug_true_or_false'
```

You can also set environment variables and the Emma Wrapper will use them when you create an instance
```ruby
ENV['EMMA_ACCOUNT_ID'] = 'account_id'
ENV['EMMA_PUBLIC_KEY'] = 'public_key'
ENV['EMMA_PRIVATE_KEY'] = 'private_key'
em = Emma::Setup.new
```

## GET Request
```ruby
req = em.my_members
# Will return a members array
puts req.inspect
```

## Pagination
```ruby
req = em.my_members count: true
# Will return a count of all of the members tied to your account
puts req.inspect
```

```ruby
req = em.my_members start: 0, end: 200
# Will return a members array starting with the specified start param and ending with the specified end param
puts req.inspect
```

## POST Request
```ruby
req = em.add_member email: "helloworld@gmail.com", fields: { first_name: 'hello', last_name: 'world' }
# Will return a reference object of the newly added member
puts req.inspect
```

## PUT Request
```ruby
req = em.update_member 111, status: 'e'
# Will return true if the member was updated
puts req.inspect
``` 

## DELETE Request
```ruby
req = em.remove_member 111
# Will return true if the member was deleted
puts req.inspect
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Add support for OAuth token usage in request to Emma API.

README.md, after:

## Emma API Wrapper (Ruby)
A Ruby wrapper for Emma's API.

## Running the tests [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/myemma/EmmaRuby.png)](https://travis-ci.org/myemma/EmmaRuby)
Set the following environment values

```bash
export EMMA_ACCOUNT_ID=123456
export EMMA_PUBLIC_KEY=6fbfd5e68d3306e51350
export EMMA_PRIVATE_KEY=53f42aa48e24d44a3362
```

Run the tests

```
bundle exec rake run_tests
```

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'emma'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install emma

## Usage

## Instantiation
```ruby
require 'emma'
em = Emma::Setup.new 'account_id', 'public_key', 'private_key', nil, 'debug_true_or_false'
```

or

```ruby
require 'emma'
em = Emma::Setup.new 'account_id', nil, nil, 'oauth_token', 'debug_true_or_false'
```

You can also set environment variables and the Emma Wrapper will use them when you create an instance.
The client will utilize the OAuth token for authentication if present and fall back to public_key + private_key
```ruby
ENV['EMMA_ACCOUNT_ID'] = 'account_id'
ENV['EMMA_PUBLIC_KEY'] = 'public_key'
ENV['EMMA_PRIVATE_KEY'] = 'private_key'
ENV['EMMA_OAUTH_TOKEN'] = 'oauth_token'
em = Emma::Setup.new
```

## GET Request
```ruby
req = em.my_members
# Will return a members array
puts req.inspect
```

## Pagination
```ruby
req = em.my_members count: true
# Will return a count of all of the members tied to your account
puts req.inspect
```

```ruby
req = em.my_members start: 0, end: 200
# Will return a members array starting with the specified start param and ending with the specified end param
puts req.inspect
```

## POST Request
```ruby
req = em.add_member email: "helloworld@gmail.com", fields: { first_name: 'hello', last_name: 'world' }
# Will return a reference object of the newly added member
puts req.inspect
```

## PUT Request
```ruby
req = em.update_member 111, status: 'e'
# Will return true if the member was updated
puts req.inspect
``` 

## DELETE Request
```ruby
req = em.remove_member 111
# Will return true if the member was deleted
puts req.inspect
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
